Add destructuring primitive values section to destruction description (#21727)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/destructuring_assignment/index.md

For features specific to array or object destructuring, please refer to the individual examples below.

> ### Destructing primitive values

Reviewer: Before I review the content (which I'm going significantly rewrite), could you move this down to `Examples > Object destructuring`, since this is "For features specific to array or object destructuring"?

Author: Sure

console.log(fizzBuzz); // true
```

> ### Destructing primitive values
> 
> If you try to destruct a primitive value, javascript will try to coerce it to be an object of its corresponding type.
> 
> ```js
> //Javascript will convert primitive value 1 to be a Number object.
> const { a, b, toFixed:c} = 1;
> console.log(a,b,c); // undefined undefined ƒ toFixed() { [native code] }
> 
> //Destructing undefined or null will throw a type error
> const {a} = undefined ; // type error
> const {a} = null ; // type error
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Destructuring primitive values

Object destructuring is almost equivalent to [property accessing](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Property_Accessors). This means if you try to destruct a primitive value, the value will get wrapped into the corresponding wrapper object and the property is accessed on the wrapper object.

```js
const { a, toFixed } = 1;
console.log(a, toFixed); // undefined ƒ toFixed() { [native code] }
```

Same as accessing properties, destructuring `null` or `undefined` throws a {{jsxref("TypeError")}}.

```js example-bad
const { a } = undefined; // TypeError: Cannot destructure property 'a' of 'undefined' as it is undefined.
const { a } = null; // TypeError: Cannot destructure property 'b' of 'null' as it is null.
```

This happens even when the pattern is empty.

```js example-bad
const {} = null; // TypeError: Cannot destructure 'null' as it is null.
```

````

Author: Thank you
